fix: Added WebGL pre build process (#2141)
getsentry/sentry-unity: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - When targeting WebGL, the SDK now warns if running in an unsupported configuration (i.e. when the exception support is set to `none`) ([#2141](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/2141))

Author: It stops the build. The resulting build would be unable to launch and crash during startup. So, "similar" result but with additional build times.

> - When targeting WebGL, the SDK now warns if running in an unsupported configuration (i.e. when the exception support is set to `none`) ([#2141](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/2141))

Author: It "stops to warn"?

> - When targeting WebGL, the SDK now warns if running in an unsupported configuration (i.e. when the exception support is set to `none`) ([#2141](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/2141))

Author: Well, it was breaking before too. Just later. And now it breaks on purpose and spares users the (not insignificant) build time. So nothing changes in the end.

> - When targeting WebGL, the SDK now warns if running in an unsupported configuration (i.e. when the exception support is set to `none`) ([#2141](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/2141))

Reviewer: So maybe rephrase to sth like:
```suggestion
- When targeting WebGL with an unsupported configuration (i.e. when the exception support is set to `none`), the SDK now shows an error at build time instead of a runtime failure ([#2141](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/2141))
```
